all right so welcome back to let's play
black and white I'm gonna go ahead and
do this quest you need to creature for
this one so make sure you bring them
over and looks like he has to fart or
something what's your the flush a freak
wave is just struck my husband and four
others are drowning please help them
let's see who do we know is tall enough
to wait out to them doot muck around
let's get our creature out there as fast
as possible
oMG they're dying so hit your creature
over here and get them on the water just
click on them and he'll go and grab them
make sure you actually click on them
though cuz sometimes he'll just go and
get water yeah so you grab them my
monkey is extremely skinny I've just got
him tied in my Kate they're tied in his
pan to a rock with some food nearby so
he can feed himself but it's pretty much
just the bare minimum for food so I just
like to do that because I don't want him
wandering off doing a bunch of stupid
they kinda have a mind of their own
so they're going to eat your villagers
and stuff oh I think he's learning how
to fish that's handy drop the stupid
villager drop it damn it alright
so he threw it just keep doing this till
you get all of them
and that's the last one it is handy for
them to learn how for your creature to
learn how to fish because if he doesn't
know how then he can't get the fish from
the water so all right sauce last of
them oh I'm so grateful we'll get some
extra worshipping done yeah grateful now
and for that would get a strength
creature miracle nice another of those
cool miracle dispensers they just make
your creature really strong temporarily
okay so what else can we do let's bring
the creature over here and get started
on the story quest because your creature
can't actually learn any miracles or
anything until you do these quests eat
the food stupid
I'm going to make him eat some pigs you
can get fat
usually you can actually see him get
fatter as he eats it
maybe we'll see he looks a little bit
better
I don't know all right so let's bring
them over here and we'll start the gold
story quest holy one there's a huge
creature in the valley beyond we're all
terrified this must be the creature that
siebel spoke of and springing creature
up here because we need him and who is
so big and scary okay
we're dead we all did what is it where
is it from
it doesn't seem to be aggressive though
if it is we're all dead evil our spirits
then you top wasps can you hear that
this giant is communicating he
telepathic you have a crepe shop bring
them to me
no but this giant looks friendly let's
bring our creature over with the leash
and you see why I wanted to bring him
over here
to bring your creature to me just click
on the ground and he'll come over there
and you'll see the pretty big size
difference between them when he gets
there I do hope they'll be friends I
thought I would die without ever seeing
another god more another creature I once
belonged to nemesis the most powerful of
gods but his power kept growing and soon
I wasn't old enough for him so Louis
caused death
banished field and I've been alone ever
since until now this being is
astonishing but what a sad tale in
return for your friendship and that is
your creature I will teach you both you
will both learn the ways of the gods
when you are ready for the first lesson
meet me at the village through this
pause alright so bring you a creature
over here it just runs around this
corner it stops like right here I think
come on creature you're so skinny and
pathetic
oh no he goes quite a bit further away
over to this village I forgot about that
I think there's a way to speed up time I
just can't remember what the shortcuts
are is it plus maybe no I don't know
what he's is no I'm not sure
but once he gets there I'm just going to
stop the video and start it again after
so stay tuned and watch the next one